location Cafeteria
event Leonard and Sheldon discuss teleportation.
event Dr. Gablehauser introduces a young, highly gifted teenager called Dennis Kim. He tells them he wants Dennis to join the department and asks them to show him around. Dennis Kim tells a shocked Sheldon that he believes his research was a "dead end".
location Sheldon's office
event Dennis Kim points out an error in Sheldon's notes on the white board and highlights that he won the prestigious Stephenson Award at a younger age than Sheldon.
location Living room
event Sheldon is deeply depressed about the arrival of someone smarter than him. He wants to stop all his work.
event Later, he decides he will focus on a different research topic and wants to collaborate with Leonard. After making extremely condescending comments, Leonard tells him to "go away".
location Howard's lab
event Howard argues with his mother about the lunch bag she packed him.
event Sheldon enters, insults and nit-picks and is told to "go away".
location in front of Rajesh's office
event Rajesh tells Sheldon to "go away", leaving him wondering whether there would be a causal link between the "go aways".
location Living room
event Howard and Rajesh discuss with Leonard what they could do to make Dennis Kim "disappear" so that Sheldon would stop annoying them. They decide to try to hook him up with a girl.
event Sheldon enters and after another insult is told again to "go away".
location hallway in front of apartments
event Howard, Rajesh and Leonard ask Penny if she knows a "hot 15 year old with a thing for smart guys". Penny slams the door into their faces.
location Sheldon's office
event Dr. Gablehauser tells Sheldon that Dennis Kim decided to join the department and that there would be a welcoming reception. Sheldon explains that he has decided to change his focus of research and aims to build a "Nuevo Jerusalem" in the middle of the Mexican desert.
location Cafeteria
event Sheldon tries to explain his new idea to Jewish Professor Goldfarb and is told to "go away".
event Meanwhile, Howard, Rajesh and Leonard discuss how to hook up Dennis Kim with one of the 15 year old daughters of physics department employees they invited with a fake "it's bring your daughter to work day" e-mail.
event When Dr. Gablehauser welcomes Dennis Kim, the latter announces he won't talk about his research but rather go to the mall with his new girlfriend.
event Sheldon announces to continue his research. The rest of the guys wonder how Dennis Kim got the girl.
location A park 
event The guys want to launch a model rocket when they see Dennis Kim surrounded by fellow teenagers, drinking and snogging.
