location Living room
event Leonard buys a miniature time machine on Ebay while Sheldon describes the principles of sandwich preparation.
location First floor of the building, the next morning
event The time machine has arrived and is not only actual size, but alsorather large.
location First floor of the building
event The guys discuss how to get the time machine up the stairs.
location Hallway in front of apartment
event The guys have almost moved the time machine up the stairs when Penny turns up and needs to get to work. Because the stairs are blocked, Sheldon suggests she get up to the roof, over to the neighboring building and use the stairs over there.
location Living room
event The guys are happy with their time machine when and discuss its use.
event Penny storms in, very upset about the events of her day and calls them "pathetic" for collecting toys and time machines. Leonard is really upset about this.
location Living room at night
event Leonard regrets buying the time machine.
location Hallway in front of apartment
event Leonard dreams about how Scene IV could have gone.
location Living room 
event Leonard wakes up from his dream.
location Living room, the next morning
event Leonard is packing up all his collectibles and wants to sell them. The rest of the guys strongly object.
location Hallway in front of apartment
event The guys want to stop Leonard from selling his collectibles. Penny comes out of her apartment. Sheldon confronts her and points out she is accumulating collectibles as well. She apologises to Leonard. When he is about to ask her out, her current boyfriend turns up. Leonard decides to keep this things.
location Forest on April, 28, 802 701 (the post-apocalyptic future)
event Sheldon travels with the time machine into the future and is attacked by Morlocks.
location Living room, at night
event Sheldon wakes up from his dream, screaming, and tells Leonard they have to sell the time machine. Leonard agrees and Morlocks enter the room.
location Sheldon's bedroom
event Sheldon finally wakes up from his nightmare and screams for Leonard.
