location Living room
event Leonard and Sheldon playing three-dimensional chess
event Penny returns from a trip to see her family and mentions that everyone got sick. Sheldon panics and asks her to leave.
location Kitchen
event Sheldon is preparing petri dishes to grow throat cultures.
location Sheldon's bedroom
event Sheldon awakes the next morning coughing and having fever. He calls for Leonard.
location Living room
event Leonard runs out of the apartment.
event Sheldon picks up the phone.
location Phone call between Sheldon in the Living room and Leonard on the stairway
event Leonard pretends to be at work. Sheldon wants soup.
location Phone call switching between Sheldon in the Living room, Leonard on the stairway and Howard in his  bedroom
event Leonard warns Howard that Sheldon is sick.
event Sheldon calls Howard who pretends that his mother is answering the phone.
event Leonard and Howard discuss plans where to "lay low for the next 18 to 24 hours".
location Cheesecake Factory
event Sheldon irritates the entire restaurant with loud coughing and nose blowing and demands that Penny brings him soup.
location Phone call between Leonard in a cinema and Penny at the Cheesecake Factory
event Howard, Leonard and Rajesh want to watch a 10.5 hours "Planet of the Apes" movie marathon.
event Penny asks Leonard whether he could pick Sheldon up but Leonard pretends to be busy at work.
location Stairway, hallway outside apartments, Living room
event Penny took Sheldon home who demands she'll stay and look after him.
location Cinema
event Howard steps onto Leonard's glasses.
event Leonard calls Penny to find out that Sheldon is back in the apartment.
location Sheldon's bedroom
event Sheldon demands that Penny puts Vapo-Rub on his chest and sings [Soft Kitty].
location Hallway outside apartments, living room, hallway in front of Sheldon's bedroom
event Leonard tries to secretly enter the apartment equipped with a wireless minicam and bluetooth headset so that Howard and Rajesh can guide him from the hallway outside the apartment.
event Leonard is caught by Penny who confronts him and calls him a rat bastard.
event Leonard hits his head on the pole in the Living room.
location Living room
event Leonard and Sheldon both sit on the couch, one injured, one sick.
